Document golden file requirement (#33900)
angular/angular: docs/PUBLIC_API.md

- the contents and API surface of the code generated by Angular's compiler (with one notable exception: the existence and name of `NgModuleFactory` instances exported from generated code is guaranteed)

Our peer dependencies (such as TypeScript, Zone.js, or RxJS) are not considered part of our API surface, but they are included in our SemVer policies. We might update the required version of any of these dependencies in minor releases if the update doesn't cause breaking changes for Angular applications. Peer dependency updates that result in non-trivial breaking changes must be deferred to major Angular releases.

{@ golden-file}
## Golden Files

> If you modify a public member in one of the supported public packages, the PR can fail a Circle CI test with the following message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you modify any part of a public API in one of the supported public packages, the PR can fail a Circle CI test with the following message:
```

```
Accept the new golden file:
  bazel run //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api.accept
```

Angular tracks the public API in the [public-api-guard](https://github.com/angular/angular/tree/master/tools/public_api_guard) folder.

> That folder includes the referenced bazel target, which you must use to add or modify a public member in any of the supported public packages.

Reviewer: We should link to the [Angular Bazel Docs](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/docs/BAZEL.md) for contributors who have made it here before learning about Bazel.

> Use yarn to execute the bazel target, to ensure that the correct version of bazel is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) to execute the Bazel target using your terminal shell of choice (a recent version of `bash` is recommended). This ensures that the correct version of Bazel is used.
```

- the contents and API surface of the code generated by Angular's compiler (with one notable exception: the existence and name of `NgModuleFactory` instances exported from generated code is guaranteed)

Our peer dependencies (such as TypeScript, Zone.js, or RxJS) are not considered part of our API surface, but they are included in our SemVer policies. We might update the required version of any of these dependencies in minor releases if the update doesn't cause breaking changes for Angular applications. Peer dependency updates that result in non-trivial breaking changes must be deferred to major Angular releases.

<a name="golden-files"></a>

## Golden files

> Angular tracks the status of the public API in a *golden file*, maintained with a tool called the *public API guard*.  If you modify any part of a public API in one of the supported public packages, the PR can fail a Circle CI test with failures in `testlogs/tools/public_api_guard`, and an error message that instructs you to accept the golden file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular tracks the status of the public API in a *golden file*, maintained with a tool called the *public API guard*.  If you modify any part of a public API in one of the supported public packages, the PR can fail a test in CI with an error message that instructs you to accept the golden file.
```

Reviewer: Looks like this suggestion didn't get in

The public API guard provides a Bazel target that updates the current status of a given package. If you add to or modify the public API in any way, you must use [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) to execute the Bazel target in your terminal shell of choice (a recent version of `bash` is recommended).

```shell

> yarn bazel run //tools/public_api_guard:$lt;modified_package>_api.accept

Reviewer 2: This is markdown (not inside `<code-example>` which is an HTML element), so it should be `<` (instead of `&lt;`) :grin:

```

Using yarn ensures that you are running the correct version of Bazel.
(Read more about building Angular with Bazel [here](./BAZEL.md).)

> Here is an example of a Circle CI test failure that resulted from adding a new allowed type to a public property in `forms.d.ts`. Error messages from the API guard use [`git-diff` formatting](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-diff#_combined_diff_format).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a Circle CI test failure that resulted from adding a new allowed type to a public property in `forms.d.ts`. Error messages from the API guard use [`git-diff` formatting](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-diff#_combined_diff_format).
```

FAILED: //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api (Summary)
      /home/circleci/.cache/bazel/_bazel_circleci/9ce5c2144ecf75d11717c0aa41e45a8d/execroot/angular/bazel-out/k8-fastbuild/testlogs/tools/public_api_guard/forms_api/test.log
      /home/circleci/.cache/bazel/_bazel_circleci/9ce5c2144ecf75d11717c0aa41e45a8d/execroot/angular/bazel-out/k8-fastbuild/testlogs/tools/public_api_guard/forms_api/test_attempts/attempt_1.log
INFO: From Testing //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api:
==================== Test output for //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api:
--- tools/public_api_guard/forms/forms.d.ts	Golden file
+++ tools/public_api_guard/forms/forms.d.ts	Generated API
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
     readonly disabled: boolean;
     readonly enabled: boolean;
     readonly errors: ValidationErrors | null;
     readonly invalid: boolean;
-    readonly parent: FormGroup | FormArray;
+    readonly parent: FormGroup | FormArray | undefined;
     readonly pending: boolean;
     readonly pristine: boolean;
     readonly root: AbstractControl;
     readonly status: string;

If you modify a public API, you must accept the new golden file.

> To do so, execute the following Bazel target:

Reviewer 3: Based on the `console.error` messages output by the `ts-api-guardian` there should be two new lines between:
`If you modify a public API, you must accept the new golden file.`
and 
`To do so, execute the following Bazel target:`

{@ golden-file}
## Golden files

If you modify any part of a public API in one of the supported public packages, the PR can fail a Circle CI test with failures in `testlogs/tools/public_api_guard`, and an error message that instructs you to accept the _golden file_.

Angular tracks the public API in the [public-api-guard](../tools/public_api_guard) folder.
That folder includes the referenced Bazel target, which you must use to add or modify the public API in any way.

Use [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) to execute the Bazel target in your terminal shell of choice (a recent version of `bash` is recommended).

```shell
yarn bazel run //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api.accept
```

This ensures that you are running the correct version of Bazel.
(Read more about Angular Bazel [here](BAZEL).)

> Here is an example of a Circle CI test failure that resulted from adding a new allowed type to a public property in `forms.d.ts`. (This example uses [`git-diff` formatting](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-diff#_combined_diff_format).)

Reviewer 2: It is not just this example that uses git diff formatting. This is how the errors for the `//tools/public_api_guard:*` targets are printed.
